In this video, I'm going to be doing a
review audit of an agency called Cold
IQ. So, this is going to be a video
where we're basically going to go over
and look at everything Cold IQ is doing
publicly. We are not going to reveal or
see any behind the scenes or internal
details, but I'm going to go over what I
think they're doing well, what they're
not doing well, if we see something like
that, what they're not doing at all, and
any areas of opportunity or suggestions
I have. This will give us a good
perspective as well because we're going
to be essentially looking at it from a
potential customer or prospect's point
of view. In this video, we're going to
talk about search results. We're going
to talk about offers. We're going to
talk about positioning, websites, their
funnel, their LinkedIn, Tik Tok,
Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube,
their ad library, and then perhaps the
first email in their flow if there's
anywhere for us to sign up. So, we're
going to look through all of that. If
you never watched one of my videos
before, my name is Matthew Larson. I'm
originally from Calgary, Canada. And at
the time of recording this, I am 19 or
29 years old. So over the past 12 years,
I've been a part of three agency exits
with two of them being multi-7 figures
in cash and the other one being over $10
million in cash. The first two I was the
minority apprentice junior partner and
the last one I actually owned 100% of
and that was in exited in July 2023.
I've learned a lot in these 12 years.
So, all I really do is make an agency,
build it up, sell it, wait for the
non-compete to expire, and do it all
over again. While I'm doing this video,
I'm currently waiting for my non-compete
to expire in July 2026. And I'm very
confident that based on what you're
going to see, you could make any agency
work based on what I'm going to reveal
in these videos. So, about this video
video and about this business, it's
called coldq.com. We're going to open up
their website in a bit, but they solve
lead generation problems for B2B
companies doing 100K or above, mainly
through outbound systems. They branded
it as their kind of goto market, like
everything you can think of, not just
cold email, not just content, not just
ads. They just do lead generation for
more highle
companies. So during this video, I'm
going to look at every part of their
funnel and I'm going to go over what we
should see and what should be happening.
I'm going to go through a checklist of
basically what they're doing and then a
summary of what I think they could be
doing different, better, you name it.
So, this is the funnel that we're going
to be going through. We're going to go
through everything here that's public
facing in this video. We're not going to
have access or reveal anything to do
with their paid ads internal metrics or
outreach internal metrics or
partnerships. You can't really see that
publicly, so to speak. But, we're going
to go over their content. We're going to
go over their lead magnets, some of
their conversion mechanisms, their site.
We're going to see how obvious their
offer is from someone's point of view
that, you know, they're just looking at
their business and so on. So, I've
opened up some various links to that I
found. I have them in kind of reverse
order here at the top. So, we're going
to go through these things basically one
at a time. So, the first thing we're
going to do is the search results. And
the main thing we're looking to do here
is we're going to see what happens when
we Google this client. So many people
who receive our outreach or see our ads,
we're not going to respond or click or
do whatever we want them to do. They're
going to go to our website or they're
going to Google us and see what we can
find. The most important thing in our
search results is we don't want nothing
to come up. That is absolutely the worst
thing possible. It's arguably worse for
nothing to come up than something
negative to come up. We don't want to
look like an anonymous scammer and we
want stuff to basically show up on their
thing. So, when we see the search
results, we're kind of wanting to see
some of the following things. We're
going to obviously want to see their
website, their YouTube, their LinkedIn,
Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Google
Business, Trustpilot, Clutch.co, Up
City, some kind of free community, and
we're going to go look and see what we
actually see here. And then I'm going to
essentially put some suggestions in here
if we don't see the right thing. So, if
we Google Cold IQ, I am in the United
Arab Emirates right now. I'm in Dubai.
So keep in mind for the search results
there. So we see their website here.
Very very beautiful. So scale your sales
prospecting with AI software. I would
not say that's the number one title that
I think they could use for that.
Personally I would say something more
direct to you know service related but
that's just my opinion. We're going to
see cold tool cold IQ here. Tools sales
tools coaching business. I think they
could probably optimize these a bit
better like free training, uh, coaching
services, about us, contact us if I had
to, you know, give some feedback there.
So, maybe we'll put that in the actual
document. I think we could optimize our
I can't remember what those things our
website. I don't know what they're
called off the top of my head, you know,
subcategories to tools or not tools,
services, coaching, about us, free
training, contact.
I think the how would you say overall
page title is not the best and should be
more directed to the services as opposed
to in my view this kind of looks like
we're selling a SAS here or something
like
that. We go down we see the LinkedIn
page. It looks good that they have 11.7K
followers. Crunch base is great. Cold or
Clay as an expert that's outstanding.
Not sure what AskPot is. Smart lead.
That's a good case study
there. Telescope. They have some more
stuff. What I'd like to see because I
know that the founders over here, they
make some um basically YouTube videos
and that kind of stuff. I would like to
see something kind of like where they
have a dash here and put cold IQ in
their thing here. You could do that
there. You could do that in the Twitter
name. You could do that maybe not in
LinkedIn, but for example, if we go to
my profile
here and we go to Matthew Larson Scale
Your Agency because that's the name of
my program. Something like put their
cold IQ there as well as their YouTube
name. I think that is an area of
opportunity. So maybe let's write that
there because in your YouTube plus
Twitter
name, make it Alex
Vodaka Cold IQ because that way whether
someone searches Alex Vaka or they
search Cold IQ or the other founder
Michelle,
uh their stuff is going to come up and I
think that's a not underrated thing. So
I do that with YouTube. I do that with
Twitter. Some other things that we
probably want to get here are some
Trustpilot reviews uh or Google business
reviews. So, get Trust Pilot reviews,
get Upcity reviews, get
clutch.co reviews, get um Google
Business Reviews. And this could be
because I'm in the United Arab Emirates,
I don't have the optimized or optimal IP
address to search this. It's just a
suggestion. Let's just So, that's
something that I would highly
recommend. Some of the other stuff that
I might recommend, I just personally
don't really care for this headline. I
don't think it's immediately obvious
when you see it. I would say like this
is more of a software or an AI tool as
opposed to an agency just by looking at
it. And I don't think that's a positive
development. So, that's what I would say
for the search results. They could also
get a school. get school or other free
community, get gumroad with lead
magnets, anything that we can kind of do
to clog up our search results that if we
just basically we don't we're going to
be competing against like other
agencies. We're going to be competing
against tools. We just want every page
they go to to be there because you can
see it kind of you know his YouTube
videos are ranking like that's very very
important but we just want that to
happen on the front page because people
Google us. We want to see most powerful
thing that they can do is see our
YouTube videos. If you search you know
Matt Larson for example you're going to
see my YouTube here. There's a lot of
Matt Larson's and apparently the father
of modern combat named Matt Larson.
Lucky me. But um if you search Matt
Lararsson marketing for example, you're
going to see me. There's scale your
agency. You're going to see that in my
name. You're going to see it in YouTube.
You're going to see my videos ranking
here. And that's because I have that in
my name. So if someone searches cold IQ,
we would want that to happen. There's
school. Um what's some other stuff like
that's just basically what we'd be going
for here. So for their offers, we're
going to do a few things. We are going
to the main thing we want to review is
whether or not we instantly understand
what they do and what they offer just by
looking at it subconscious level
basically smacking into our brain and
instantly. The problem with many
agencies and websites is you go to their
site and you really have no idea what
they do. And that's obviously a bad
thing because most people especially if
they're cold traffic they will not take
the time and they're not going to care
enough to learn. They're just going to
bounce. So basically what we want to
think about here are do we know what
their offer is based on their above the
fold? Do we know like who their service
is for based on their above the fold? Do
we know the deliverables based on their
website? Do we know the road map and
timeline? And do we know how to get
started? So I have cold IQ here. We're
going to look at the above the fold and
that refers to the section basically
above the fold on mobile and above the
fold on desktop without you just click
on the page without having to scroll.
That's basically the thing. So, we build
outbound systems that sell for you.
Like, that would be a much better
headline. And I like that headline, you
know, pretty good compared to the
headline they have here. So, I think
they really got to make those line up.
It's not an insignificant thing in my
opinion to make sure that those line
up. So, if we go back to their website,
I think this is great. So, tools here,
we could put our lead magnets here,
products. Here we have your coaching and
stuff. We have a popup. We get in touch.
So instantly for B2B companies above
100K per month in revenue. We don't need
above and this but I know what they
mean. So that's great. I would say that
we instantly know who that it is based
on their above the fold. So let's put
that
there. We
instantly know who it is for due to the
100K per month plus B2B callout.
So, let's go back. We build outbound
systems that sell for you. I like that a
lot as a headline. So, we instantly know
what they do from the headline. I don't
think the sub headline is very good. I
think that's just kind of a continuation
or just kind of a nonsense like doesn't
really impact. Most people are going to
read the headline for the desired result
and then the sub headline should be how
you get that result. like you're making
a big claim in the headline. Now, we
have to do how we could get the, you
know, backing that that claim. I think
we could also, but I know this is the
homepage, not a funnel. We could
probably put a result in there and make
it even better, a tangible, you know, we
get you this many leads. We build
outbound systems that get x amount of
leads per month, but I know it's I
wouldn't say that's a a high priority
for me. fixing the sub headline
to basically build upon justify how you
get the result promised in the headline.
I don't think the current one does that
very well or really at
all. So, we have a VSSL. Very lovely. Um
I'm sure it's great. We could put a
thumbnail there as a you know, we could
put a button that says watch this or
something.
I like that they request their free
strategy call here. I would either put
this as a button or I put it as a a lead
magnet optin. Either change the opt into
a lead magnet free training or just go
direct to the book a call. A lot of
people in my opinion like the benefit of
doing this here is not going to justify
the amount of people who don't even
click on request your free strategy call
because they're not doing it. So let's
see what happens here.
Like there's no reason that like we I
don't think we should have this optin
here as a a requirement for getting
there just in the sense that you have to
fill it out again here. It's all this
information. Um it's just like redundant
and gets in the way in my opinion. So
let's go. I love this here. I would say
probably just the two lines is a bit
overwhelming and redundant. It's also
going to look cooler if you have a
non-stop scrolling on this line. I think
that's good enough to just have it on
one. It would also save a little bit of
space. Uh we could probably reduce the
padding here and up here so we can see
the button above the fold too. I don't
know how this looks on mobile. I'm just
inspecting here. But I don't really like
how this design goes with the makes it a
little hard to read. I'm not going to
test that on my phone for this video,
but we're just going to assume that's
the case.
sales prospecting service. I love this
graphic when you've studied it for a
while because this is a client of mine
cold IQ. I know what this is, but I
think this definitely needs a explainer,
even a headline, a bigger headline here
and a and a like before versus after
comparison, like explaining it a bit.
It's a perfect thing where cold IQ just
says that we have all of this stuff
taken care of here. It's a perfect
comparison. I think we could just use a
little bit more explanation for the
absolute coldest person or coldest group
in their uh funnel. Looks good to
me. It also in general make sure
everything's 16 pixels or higher just
for conversion rate. Their story is a
success. I put a result either on the
top or in the thumbnail. I'd also put
the founder name and the stuff here. I'm
going to write this
down for the results case studies. Put
the result in the thumbnail plus the
brand plus founder. Cuz right now you're
kind of relying on someone just to
click like this. It should be the
thumbnail in my
opinion, but it looks good. They have a
lot of great case studies. I love the
timeline. How to get started. I would
consider that there what people say. I
would say the same thing here with it's
just overwhelming a little bit. It looks
cool, but I would have all of these
online scrolling
through looks good. I would just Yeah, I
love this one here. Calendarly. That's
That actually looks perfect. I would
love
that. Get your training here. Frequent
questions. I think you could probably
have more of these. I like to aim for 10
to 20 questions. Let's get started. So
to answer the questions, I think we
absolutely know what their offer is
based on the above the fold. We
absolutely know who it's for. We know
the deliverables because basically to
start to finish like basically they're
going to do all of this. We might be
able to explain it a little better, but
they're going to do all of that and we
know what's going
on. We know the timeline. They have a
section here. And then we know how to
get started. They're very clear about
that. I still don't really like this
where you have to opt in because you're
going to have to put it in the next page
anyways. But
still, I'd really also recommend putting
this 16 or 18 pixel font. I also like
this here, but I probably put
everybody's links here cuz they have
more than one person. Agency, coaching,
miniourse, inboxes, sales tech, all that
kind of stuff. Looks good. You possibly
put links to the Trust Pilot, the Google
business reviews, that kind of stuff
here if and when they decide to do that.
That'd be up to them. So, I really like
the website. I think there's a lot of
stuff in it that's good. I'm just going
to leave it at this for summary and
suggestions now. And it's very
important. So, the next thing we'll do
is the positioning. This is probably for
brands who are trying to go up market. I
think this is what kills them when they
don't do it properly.
So, the main thing we're going to review
here is if their brand, their assets,
their content, their ads actually speak
to the type of client that they're
trying to attract. A lot of people mess
this up usually in the sense that the
language they use, the offers they have,
the proof they have, that kind of stuff
is only appealing to a low lower level
of client than the client that they're
after. So, basically, we're going to
look at do they instantly know what
problem they solve and what they do by
looking at their profiles, their ads,
that kind of stuff. Does their website
and content resonate with their target
market in terms of language? And are
they using the proper type of funnel for
this? So, that's like three very
important suggestions here. So, we're
going to go through all of their content
and all of that kind of stuff and
basically see if indeed they are doing
that. So, we're going to pull up some of
their links here. And we're going to
see, let's just go
here. Uh, let's go to their Facebook
page. I found two Facebook pages.
They're pretty much both dead. I will
see that Alex
here. Uh, we'll go to the website
here. So, there's a few different
things. And let's I'm not saying that
they do this, but let's go like what not
to do. So, some examples here. Um, I had
a client recently who I was on the phone
with where they're basically do Facebook
ads for e-commerce and they're trying to
do a few different things. Like their
main problem is they're not getting the
high-paying clients that they want to.
And there's a few reasons for that.
Number one is they're using a case study
funnel, which would be the best kind of
funnel to get high ticket clients in my
view for these kind of agencies. But the
result in their case study, it's like
look, this is how we added 300K per year
for this e-commerce brand.
Realistically, in e-commerce, 300K per
year in revenue is nothing. Like, why
would someone want to add 300K per year
in revenue if they're doing a million a
month like the type of client that this
person wants? And then also, their kind
of language they're using, their
messaging is not right. They're using
very low-level language like CPA and
profit where the higher level businesses
use stuff like contribution margin,
incrementality, like whether you think
it's cringe or not, like those are the
words they use. So, it's very important
that we have our positioning and do it
so it's instantly recognizable to
basically what we're doing here. A lot
of the time they'll also use the wrong
offer. So, for example, I know a couple
of e-commerce email marketing companies
who want to target million-dollar month
brands, but they're like their ads are
all I'm going to set up your email
flows. It's not really going to work
very well if you're targeting the
biggest of the biggest brands. Like,
they have their email flow set up. So,
it's just like those are the kind of
things we're thinking about. So, I'm
going to go the I'm just going to try to
put five suggestions in summary like for
each just to, you know, cap it at
something. But let's go through all of
their assets here. So, we have their
website. We kind of already went through
that. I think that's great. I think we
could put some stuff like especially
um probably put this up a bit. And you
could probably do like revenue teams
that trust cold IQ like our clients do
over billions in revenue or something
like that just to make it even more
obvious. You could probably put, you
know, for B2B companies over 100K per
month. probably could do that even
higher if we wanted to, but those are
minor things that I'm not really going
to write
down. So, for this thing, I always look
at, for example, their YouTube, their
LinkedIn. I think the LinkedIn got
closed by my tab limiter. So, Alex vodka
LinkedIn. Let's go to the actual because
I pulled their links up earlier. So,
we've got the funnel here. My tab
limiter is ruining my life, but I'm the
one who set up the tab limiter, so
probably
justified. So, we have a bunch of people
here. So, let's go. So basically to
start off one thing that I really don't
like about this is we go to like we
really want to kind of think of ways in
my view to just help ourselves make it
easy. So I make videos to help agencies
scale to 5 million per year. I don't
know if that's the best thing to put
there. Who knows? But having that versus
just these flowers are going to if
someone's happens to be come across your
profile for the first time, it's just
going to help them instantly understand
what you're doing. So same with Alex
Vodaka here. Same with here. I'd
probably do that for like right here as
well. Right here as well. Right here as
well. They all have the same one here.
But it's just to qualify and say who
it's for is like a lot better in my view
than sales technologies that scale
revenue. So, I'm going to put
that my first suggestions. Put who you
make content for in all of your cover
images on
YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, so
it is
instantly
recognizable as to who you make content
for. And that'll just be a lot better
for
positioning. So, if we go here, probably
should follow him
back. The next thing we do it in our
bios like I instead
of kind of doing this where you're
saying I built this to 4.5 million ARR
in 2 years like I don't really think
anybody cares. That's kind of like about
you instead of about them. So in this
line here, scale outbound with AI and
tech is kind of the same problem in my
view that like this is here where it
would be much better to we build
outbound systems that sell for you as
the position for for everything. We
build outbound systems that sell for
you. bonus if you
put the you know target market such as
we build outbound systems for B2B
businesses over 100K per month in my
view most people would be doing a lot
better if they just said what the hell
they do in their headline. I read a
quote, I think it was from David Oggov,
which is like most people think the
father of modern advertising that said,
"Sometimes the best ad copy to sell a
horse is horses for sale." And I really
think that most people instead of the
headlines they use would do a lot better
doing something like that. So, I think
the positioning is good. Otherwise than
that, I think they don't do a tremendous
job on Facebook and LinkedIn. And you
could very easily say Facebook is or
Facebook and Instagram, Facebook is dead
and LinkedIn is where our stuff is. But
if we're running Facebook ads, which we
are, people are going to click on these
profiles and see it. And right now, I
would say there's no positioning at all.
Something we want to be doing as well is
basically for like if someone searches
your YouTube videos, I personally don't
think these are tremendous topics for
their target market. So something like,
you know, master classes for cold
emailing, master classes for cold
calling, master classes for cold DMs,
master classes for content. Like, I
don't think these are very good YouTube
ideas at all to appeal to the target
audience. I think these ones are kind of
a lot better, but still leave a lot to
be desired. The best B2B lead generation
strategy in 2024 is great. Um, I don't
think this is good for attracting the
type of audience that they're trying to
attract.
And I think this could be a good one.
Could be a good one. But they don't do a
good job here in my view
of doing ideas that build their
authority. Like a POV in the day of a
life of a seven figureure agency owner.
Not really going to get any of the right
inbound clicks for people who have big
businesses who are trying to scale their
business. And even if someone comes in
through ads and cold email and searches
our YouTube system, probably not going
to be a good job here. It might be even
off-putting to make this kind of videos.
So, someone who does this properly,
obviously Ed Lawrence is a YouTube
person themselves. So, like when someone
searches his channel, I help
entrepreneurs grow YouTube channels that
generate sales. Perfect. And now every
single video he makes is exactly how to,
you know, you can obviously see YouTube
logo in there. You know, you can see
what to do. You can everything has
YouTube in the name. It's very obvious
as to what he does. So, I'm going to say
YouTube video ideas are very poor and
are not going to attract the type of
audience you want can sell to. And I
don't think they do a good job of
nurturing, the people who come in
through outbound referrals or paid ads.
That's pretty much what I'm going to say
here.
need to put branding on Facebook and
Instagram. Even if those are not your
primary source, you know, LinkedIn is, I
would
imagine, people who click on your meta
ads are still going to see those and
right now they are pretty dead and
that's not a good
thing. So, do you know what their
problem is when they solve it a little
bit? Does their website and content
resonate with their target market? I'd
probably say no to be honest. Not going
to sugarcoat anything here. And are they
running the right type of funnel? So
scale your revenue with automated
outbound systems that leverage AI, tech,
and data to outperform teams of 10 plus
SDRs. Okay.
Um, this is kind of like a direct offer
funnel. I think it's pretty much the I
think this is pretty good messaging in
terms of per positioning cuz you could
be like skill your get more leads or you
could say it outperforms teams of 10
plus SDRs. I think that's a great job of
using the actual language and relating
to the problems that their niche has. I
don't know about leveraging AI, tech,
and data. I think still the point AI and
tech and data is kind of diminishing the
kind of diminishing how people value it
like people don't value stuff that's
made with AI so far because there's a
lot of preconceived notions about it in
my view people can disagree with not but
the rest of the page looks great. I'd
also put here like if it's possible and
if it's public like the amount of
revenue and the niche that is just so
people scrolling this can see which
one's for them faster in my opinion. You
could even put that at the top. So like
$50 million funded B2B SAS, uh, you
know, $100 million, you know,
manufacturing company, like whatever.
I'd put that
there. I think the VSSL is good because
I've just seen it before, but I think
it's very professionally shot. It looks
good, has the subtitles and all that
kind of stuff. So I think the the they
are using the right type of funnel. I
would just probably change that. They're
using the right type of messaging. And I
would put the actual, you know, what
level and niche are these clients here?
But I think it's pretty good. So on the
funnel page, put the
niche plus revenue levels if possible on
top of each of the testimonials so it is
easier to see which testimonial is
relevant for the person.
I think the headline would be better if
you just did a, you know, benefit
without negative, you know, did a
headline that was more like get benefit,
get X without Y, even if Z type thing.
So get an automated sales, you know, get
an automated sales system that
outperforms 10 sales teams of 10 plus um
SDRs even if you don't understand
technology or something like that. Sure,
you can figure out a much better
headline based on if you actually
thought about it, not live on a YouTube
video, but you get the
point. So the next thing is we're going
to review their website. So we've
already kind of reviewed the website,
but we're going to review some different
things. So, we do we know what they do
from their headline. Do they have an
optimized above the fold? Do they have a
VSSO? They have a how it works section,
testimonials and proof, and clear how to
get started section. So, let's go back
to their website here. So, we're going
to look at this for basically like this.
I think what we could do here, so we
could probably reduce the padding here
and bring that up and we could sneak in
something like this that has like uh
rated by some, you know, let me see an
example here.
This doesn't have a VSSL, but we could
have something like rated 4.8 out of
five by 330 B2B companies. I think they
could have. So, let's put that
there. Have
a a star rating on top of the call out
as
proof. Reduce the padding overall to fit
more in.
I think what we could do here, I don't
really like this background here, but
it's not really like how it goes there,
but it's not a substantial amount that
we can really critique it too much. So,
I would say they mostly have an
optimized above the fold. They should
have that in there. They should either
bring this way up so it's at the top.
You could save all of this space and
then you could put bring up this button,
too. I think that would be superior to
what this is, but it looks pretty good
to be
honest. I'm not going to go over too
much. They have everything that I said
in there, but we kind of went over it
earlier when I didn't really mean to do
all of that in that section. But it
looks pretty good above the full to be
honest. The next thing we're going to do
is their funnel. So the main thing we'll
review is the structure and setup of
their funnel. So we can see the journey
from the basically customer point of
view from ads, content, outreach, all
the way to booking a call. So we want to
see if they're qualifying people, how
they're doing so, and more. So we want
to see if they have an opt-in page from
their content. We want to see if they
have a sales page with VSSL improved for
their ads. Want to see an application
form. I want to see as best we can who
how to get disqualified because we can't
really see that without going through
the form a bunch of times, but we're
going to guess. We're going to see their
call book a call page. We're going to
see their thank you page. We're going to
see pretty quickly if they have a
welcome flow and a pre-all flow.
Hopefully, I will receive the emails if
that is true. And then we'll just put
some summary and suggestions here.
So the first thing is we're going to do
the opt-in page from content. So I don't
see any opt-in page. I would have
something here similar to how I have my
12 free trainings here. This would
redirect to the sales page that we
talked about earlier, but it would just
be from content as a way to get people
on the email list. They kind of have
that on the site if we recall down here.
But I'd have a separate page for this
and put that in all of their content.
So, I'd put that basically here in their
LinkedIn. Um, put that there like you
can put the stuff here like get your
free trainings or whatever you want to
say. Um, I think that would be a very
good addition. I put that in the bio
here and bio in this agency here. Uh,
just something to do that there.
So build a set set page for the lead
magnet and put in LinkedIn bio,
YouTube bio, first line in the
description of YouTube
videos, pinned comments on
YouTube. We do that in the Instagram
bio, Facebook bio, Twitter bio, all of
that kind of stuff. So I don't think as
far as I can see they have that and if
they do not in the optimal way. So we
have a sales page with a VSSO and proof.
So that opt-in page if they had that
would redirect here anyways. So they
have that with the optin and the proof.
Do they have an application
form? They do here. I would probably put
this to its own page instead of a popup
just for user
experience. Testing test at test. I'm
going to put my real email here to see
if they get the flow. Don't email me.
Uh, so what's your core business? Only
apply if you're a B2B business company.
I would ask if you are B2B and I would
disqualify them there. If they say no,
they'd be
DQed. What's your currently monthly
revenue? I would also put this as higher
because you don't want to kind of think
that the big businesses who might apply
that are 1 million or 5 million per
month. If you do it like this, you might
kind of think it's too small for
them. Put a huge more revenue range on
the forum as bigger
businesses might think it is too small
for them if the max they can select is
100K per month. That's a very real
problem and I wouldn't say that's great
positioning. If we're going to go back
to that topic, so scale your
agency.ai, have you tried cold outreach
before?
What challenges did you
face? Did you handle it inhouse? I'm
sure that's conditional
logic. So, yes, we have a book a call
page. I don't know if it's not loading
for me, but it's not loading for me.
Could be just because I'm in the UAE,
but okay, here it's coming now, it looks
like. Oh, maybe not. Oh, there it is.
So, what I do is I put the star rating
here. I'd also put the remind them and I
put some FAQs andor some proof here.
Probably some
FAQs. Put
FAQs plus proof on the call booked page
to increase your opt-in or you know call
booked rate. You can also put that
calumnly on the as part of the type form
so they have to do it to submit.
I would also fix up some of this here.
Like some great questions like this
these services range between X and Y.
Are you okay with this? Another one.
Where did you learn about us? That's
good. And then how how long have you
known about us is good too because make
sure they're okay with the price or the
price range before they even start.
Where they came from. If they came from
YouTube, for example, is going to be a
much different call than if they came
from cold outreach or ads. How long have
you known about us? If they knew about
us for one second, it's going to be a
very different call than one year. So,
on the Calendarly form, put the price.
Where did you come from? Um, how long
have you known about us? There's some
other stuff that you can put, but we're
just going to leave it at that for
now. I don't want to [__] them over and
book a call here. They'll get a
notification and it's just me going
through this video. So, we're going to
leave it at that. So, they have the
right thing. On their thank you page, we
should see some FAQs, some proof, some
next steps, an image that like has the
invite in their inbox. It says, "Go
accept this to basically prime people."
But that's good for
now. So, if we go to their LinkedIn, I
think their LinkedIn is their strong
suit here. So, the main thing we're
going to look at is how their profile is
set up and how valuable and actionable
their content is. The second thing we're
going to review is how often they post
and how they consistent they are. And
then the final thing will be how
effective they are at driving traffic
into their funnel. So we're going to
look at things like do they have
professional looking funnels with good
profile pictures, cover image branding.
Is their link and CTA going to their
main lead magnet? Is their content in
the ideal or proper format for the
platform? So in LinkedIn like long form
or carousels, is their content useful?
And are they posting
consistently? So we have a bunch of
different partners here. I think there's
five total partners. So, we're or four
total partners that we're going to
review here. So, we don't probably want
to go through all of them. We're going
to look at it. So, I think that they
could all have the lead magnet link in
there cuz none of them
do. So, let's go here. Oops. Looks like
a duplicate.
So,
link the lead magnet inside the bio on
all platforms. Make the cover image plus
headline more obvious to who you sell to
and what you sell so that it is
instantly understood in my
opinion. As far as their content, they
like kind of print on YouTube or on
LinkedIn like this is their main thing.
23,000 followers,
16,000, 40,000, 38,000. So what they're
doing is clearly working. But I would
probably put my lead magnet in this
featured tab here for
sure because we want to build our email
list. So in terms of the
content. So let's go show some posts
here. We'll look at a few from all of
them. So they're very much doing the
thing where you like this is in my view
the ideal content for this. It's perfect
like the content stack very high effort.
They're also doing the kind of the
comment for this thing. And look at
that. 2500 likes, 5,600 comments. So,
their content is ideal. Like I don't
think it could get any better. Like
that's a reason why they are printing on
LinkedIn. So very very
strong. They all have similar content
because I know it because they're my
client. But for those of you are
learning about this for the first time,
like they all have very very high
effort. They make it a priority. So, the
content's perfect. I think that
everything in there is useful. They're
posting consistently. It's in the ideal
format. They just, in my opinion, would
get a lot better result if they had the
lead magnet in their bios, plus in the
featured
section on all accounts, not platforms.
And then they should make that cover
image. And then I think it's perfect.
The next thing is going to be Twitter.
So, we're going to review, you know,
essentially the same thing but on
Twitter. and I only found this one. So,
I think we're going to have pretty much
the same thing here. We're going to be
doing, you know, this kind of content is
pretty ideal, I would say. But, we're
going to be needing this is a little bit
better as a cover image than I would say
on here. There's I think there's a
missed opportunity on LinkedIn, but
they're going to be pretty much the
exact same advice. Put the lead magnet
here with the better thing here. Put
their name in there. So, Alex Vaka cold
IQ. So it scales or goes on on
um like search results. Put Alex
vodka cold IQ as the name so it shows up
in search results. Put the lead magnet
link in your
bio. Make the headline in bio more clear
for who you sell to.
fix up the cover image to make it more
clear. That's what I would say there.
So, the next thing is for Instagram. Uh,
this Instagram looks like more like a
personal one. If there's a if there's a
a real one, I have not found it. Uh,
this one's also private, so it's more
like a personal one. If that's not the
case, like we should probably be doing
this kind of stuff and on a a more
personal one. They run their ad content
from Cold IQ. That's what I said before
where we really want to, you know, run
it from a personal brand in my opinion
and have content that's more relevant to
what we're actually doing. Um, so let's
write that down.
Run the Facebook ads from your personal
Instagram and make it public. Post short
form business content or the same
content you post on LinkedIn on
Instagram because and Facebook
sorry because that will greatly impact
how good your ads perform. And right now
it is
dead. Put the link to your lead magnet
in the bios. And that's pretty much it.
Unless they really for some reason don't
want to use these as business. I would
probably just do it like that cuz it is
like kind of business. You should
definitely be running the ads from this
instead of cold IQ, which is kind of a
dead thing. But it's kind of mixing
personal with business. Makes it look
like a real person and that gives him
personality. So that's good. But I would
say those things work the best. Facebook
is completely
dead. Completely dead. This is not a
good thing
whatsoever as probably 35% of the ad
impressions are on there and it is dead.
Need to fix everything. We're just going
to put that there. For Tik Tok is the
next one. I think I had a Tik Tok link
somewhere.
I'd say fairly dead, but if you're not
going to post on it, not a big
priority. So, let's just go here. So,
fairly dead, but not bad because
Target market likely not on Tik Tok. You
could put some effort in and turn the
basically
LinkedIn content into the same thing
with a video reels background and
crossost, but not a big deal. Would not
recommend putting much time on it. So,
next is going to be the
YouTubes. So, I'm kind of
like I've kind of also and we're almost
done to the video by the way. I've kind
of already done a lot of this stuff on
here where a lot of the same result
applies. So, let's just say let's just
go
here.
Need to fix cover image to make
it obvious who you sell to. Need to put
lead magnet link inside the bios. need
to put Alex
vodka cold IQ so it shows up better in
search. I do not think the content is
the ideal or useful in 90% of videos. I
recommend not doing what they are doing
and make it solely business related.
This is very important and if we
remember back like he's making POV
videos day in the life like whether or
not we get new views from YouTube like
let's say none of these videos go viral
or anything people who come from ads
outbound referrals are going to look at
this content and I don't think this is
the kind of content they would want to
see this is very bad because even if it
gets views or it gets no views people
from
LinkedIn ads, cold outreach,
referrals often will stumble upon the
YouTube and this content does nothing to
nurture them. I think Michelle does a
bit better job, but I don't think it's
the greatest. I'd also shoot for at
least twice per week for this kind of
stuff. But let's look at their
thumbnails. I think the thumbnails are
gorgeous. I think the thumbnails are
perfect. I think it's perfect
introduction as well. Very good
introduction. You see it here. They have
their miniourse here. That's $1. They
want to do that instead of a lead
magnet. That's great. But I would
probably put that in there. You don't
need to have this in there at all. So,
so basically, I will build your outbound
system to book sales calls for you is
unironically a better headline than a
lot of the headlines we've reviewed so
far. I try not to [__] on them or
anything, but put the lead magnet in the
first line of description and also
pinned comment.
The titles the the titles are kind of
not good because the ideas are not
necessarily useful in my opinion, but
they have great thumbnails and great
edited introductions. So, perfect
there. Like, see how nicely visual hook
that is. That's perfect. But he needs to
put the he needs to put the stuff here
as well.
short form video for the next part. So,
the main thing we're going to look at is
similar for all of the platforms, but I
don't
think I have some like weird blocker on
Instagram. Let's just get that off here.
like we don't really have short form so
there's not much to
say not much short form I would say like
make a
puppy AI board based off your course
content and have it write 30 short form
scripts then film them all in one day
you know 3 hours or less and have it
post short form once per day on
reals, shorts, and Tik Tok. It's
basically what I would say, but there's
not much to review there. For the ads
library, it's the second last section
because we're not going to do the first
email in the flow just cuz I don't want
to screw them over by booking a call and
that kind of
stuff. We are going to do this as the
last one. So, what we're going to review
is we're going to review the combination
of their ad creatives and landing pages
mostly working together as a team. Are
they congruent? Do they have good visual
hooks for their ads? Do they have good
audio hooks for their ads? And do they
have subtitles? So, we go to their ad
library. There's a few different ones.
I'm going to focus on the VSSL
ones. So, let's open it
up. See? Add details.
So, so I'd say a pretty good visual
hook.
So, this is a case study type ad like or
not really a case study type ad, but
it's leveraging a case study in the
first thing. I like the are you doing a
B2B business doing over 100K per
month? Good hook on that one. Good
visual
hook. So, let's go to another
one. Good thumbnail here. It's
interesting.
So it's do you want to get that many
meetings without hiring expensive B or
SDRs. So it had a great visual hook. It
had a great audio hook and it had
subtitles. So I think they're doing a
great job here. So you know visual
hooks, subtitles, and thumbnails are on
point. If anything, they could probably
just make more ads. That's like the only
feedback I would say at this point. But
when we go it, it's going to go to this
thing
here. So, let's just see how congruent
this
is. Do you want to generate 20 calls per
month? And that's what they have there.
So, very nice. That's very congruent.
I would say that's less congruent just
because it's a static
image. So the landing page looks all the
same. I think it's very congruent. I
think that's a good job. So basically I
don't have any suggestions there besides
make more
ads. So that's going to be the end of
the video. So, that's Cold IQ.